[MKC-1141] Remove outdated rp2040 tutorial (#1330)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/03.nano/boards/nano-rp2040-connect/tutorials/rp2040-01-technical-reference/rp2040-01-technical-reference.md

If you need to upgrade the firmware on your Nano RP2040 Connect, follow the link below to a detailed guide.

- [Upgrading Nano RP2040 Connect NINA firmware](/software/ide-v2/tutorials/ide-v2-fw-cert-uploader)

> ***This guide is for updating the firmware on the NINA W-102 module (Wi-Fi).***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you need to upgrade the firmware on your Nano RP2040 Connect, follow the link below to a detailed guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to upgrade the firmware on your Nano RP2040 Connect,  you can do so by using the Arduino IDE 2. See the link below for a more detailed guide.
```
